---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /welcome-to-pei-tong/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h1>📃 Principal's Message</h1><p>I am delighted to address you as we conclude another remarkable year at Pei Tong Primary School (PTPS). It is with great joy and gratitude that I reflect on the achievements and growth we have witnessed over the past year.<br><br>Our vision is to nurture every child into becoming a passionate learner, a resilient individual, and a gracious citizen. We believe that each child has unique talents and capabilities, and it is our responsibility to provide them with a nurturing environment that allows them to flourish academically, socially, and emotionally. </p><p>First and foremost, I want to express my heartfelt appreciation to our dedicated teachers and staff. Their unwavering commitment and passion for education have created a nurturing and inspiring environment where our students can thrive. Their dedication to providing quality education and guidance is truly commendable. </p><p>I also want to extend my deepest gratitude to our parents and guardians. Your unwavering support, active involvement, and partnership in our students' educational journey have played a pivotal role in their success. Together, we form a strong and united community, working hand in hand to shape the future leaders of tomorrow.<br><br>As a school, we recognize the importance of preparing our students for the future. We are committed to equipping them with the necessary skills, knowledge, and values to excel in an ever-evolving world. Our focus on future readiness goes beyond academic achievements. We strive to foster an environment that nurtures their creativity, critical thinking, and problem-solving abilities. </p><p>At PTPS, we firmly believe in the power of values. We instil in our students a strong moral compass built on the foundation of care, respect, integrity, responsibility, resilience and excellence. These values serve as guiding principles that shape their character and empower them to make positive contributions to society.<br><br>Our students are not only academically prepared but also well-rounded individuals who understand the importance of empathy, compassion, and embracing diversity. These qualities will enable them to navigate the complexities of the world and become compassionate global citizens. </p><p>As we look to the future, I am filled with immense pride and excitement. Together, we will continue to provide an exceptional educational experience that prepares our students to face any challenge that comes their way. We will adapt to new technologies, embrace innovative teaching methods, and foster a culture of continuous growth and learning.<br><br>I am truly honored to be a part of this incredible community. Together, we will continue to nurture and inspire our students, ensuring that they reach their full potential and become the leaders of tomorrow.<br><br><br>Thank you for your unwavering support, dedication, and trust in our school. I look forward to an extraordinary year ahead.</p><p><strong>Mrs Ong-Chew Lu See</strong><br><strong>Principal</strong></p>