---
title: Examination Code of Conduct
permalink: /school-information/school-policy/exam/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Policy
---
<ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students should report to the examination venue on time. Latecomers will be allowed to sit for the paper 1 for the duration remaining from the time they enter the examination venue. No extra time will be accorded. Students who arrive after the paper has ended will not be allowed to sit for the paper.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Students should ensure that they have their own stationery items such as pens, pencils, rulers and erasers. Borrowing of stationery is NOT allowed.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Digital devices that are capable of storing and retrieving information that may compromise the integrity of the examination, unauthorised notes, earpieces, headphones or power banks are all not allowed to be used during the examination. However, approved digital dictionaries for MTL Paper 1 and approved calculators for Upper Primary Mathematics Paper 2 are allowed. Electronic dictionary must be silent, and battery-operated or fully charged before the commence of the examination.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="4" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students who are found with any unauthorised electronic devices (e.g. mobile phones and smartwatches etc.) or communicating with other candidates during examinations, will be considered as having the intention to cheat. Communicating with other candidates include verbal communications, written communications or gesturing are regarded as serious offence and the school reserves the right to award zero marks for the paper.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="5" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students must follow all instructions given by the invigilator at all times and check their papers carefully. Students should inform the invigilator promptly if there are any discrepancies. Students should only start writing upon the instruction of the invigilator.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="6" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Silence is expected when the examination is in progress. The invigilator reserves the right to remove a student from the class during the examination if he/she continues to misbehave after reminders and/or his/her action disrupts the conduct of the examinations.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="7" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>No student is allowed to communicate with another candidate for whatever reason during the examination, paper collection and/or paper checking after the examinations is over and this will be considered as cheating or viewed as intent to cheat. Attempting to cheat is a serious offence. No marks will be given for the paper attempted by the student if the student is found cheating.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="8" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students are to raise their hand to seek help from the invigilator if in doubt.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="9" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students must stop writing promptly when they are told to do so at the end of the examination. No extra time is given for shading of ovals in the Optical Answer Sheet (OAS).</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="10" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Only answers submitted by students on the Answer Booklets and/or the Optical Answer Sheet (OAS) will be accepted and graded. Answers written in the question paper will not be considered.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="11" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>No student is allowed to leave the classroom before the end of the examination without the invigilator’s permission.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="12" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students absent from any form of assessment without a valid reason will be given zero marks. Valid reasons include:</p></li></ol><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Medical Certificate (for the day of the assessment or examination)</p></li><li><p>Compassionate leave</p></li><li><p>Representing school for competitions/ events</p></li></ul><p></p><ol start="13" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Any student who has been absent from weighted assessment/examinations <strong><u>without valid reasons will not be eligible for academic awards</u></strong>.</p></li></ol><p></p><ol start="14" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>There will not be any make-up for weighted assessment/examinations the students have missed. However, the school may provide the paper as a form of practice for his/her learning.</p></li></ol><p></p><p><em>The term ‘paper’ in this policy document refers to any Weighted Assessment or Semestral Assessment.</em></p><p><em>This policy can be found in our PTPS Student Handbook.</em></p>